in the event of a particular your particular path or within your community
does not work out. There are other options. You can lateral transfer
on event that you decide a lot off transfer. You put in a little
transfer package and transferred to another community. Personnel
do it all the time, so it's not something that's uncommon. You could
go from swot to HR, which is human resource is. You can lateral transfer
thio the information. You can go just about anywhere. Excuse me,
but that's up to you to find that information and use the resource
is you have available. Your local command career counselor as well
as your ex soul would definitely be able to help you explore the options
that are available in the event that you're in the program and
say you you failed to meet the standards set for that program. You'll
have to go up on a redesignation board where you have to submit a
package basically stating why you're fit to be in the Navy and what
community that you like thio be considered for. I was tried it from
the flight school program as an aviator, so I was ah, redesignated
officer, basically. So I had to go upon this board where I submitted
a package to five separate communities and one community chose me,
which was so